are you being there oh yeah it looks
good I love all the houses do you know
about Paul wawanesa live here I mean
come on that's silly an old hand that
creeps around the house right it's true
you'll see that's true
how do you see it yet seen what the hand
oh the hand yeah well you know those
type of things don't really bother me we
may even become friends this house
belong to all mr. McIntyre who killed
his whole family and they arrested him
but he cut off his hand to escape and
then they caught him again and they hung
in but they never found his hand and
till made its way back to this house
this house you live in now well I have
my way with men even parts of them so
thanks for the warning
hey ya know I'm here on the beach to see
you Brett yeah he's on his lunch break I
guess no I found out she works at the
coffee shop he always goes in every
morning can you believe that that's BS
and you know what I'm like 20 guys just
waiting to go out with me I could be
with anyone he doesn't disturb me I know
he's not even that cute I don't know
mmhmm yeah well I guess we'll see well
hey I'll talk to you later i gotta go
I've been waiting for you yeah I know
you're there you know it's really not
nice to sneak up on people like that
move a little closer maybe we could even
stay here together you know I think
maybe you can help me help yeah yeah you
could yeah you definitely could it's
about my boyfriend Rick this girl I
think he's saying Samantha mmm not very
happy about it I think you could
definitely help me out with those two
hello hey what's up no no what do you
mean you saw them together haha are you
serious does he even know who I am I
could have anyone and he goes with her
you know what no I don't even want to
hear that no I have to go
would you mind doing me that favor now
yeah remember the one we were talking
about yeah Rick and Samantha yeah go get
them and when you get back something for
you